Assignment - Newsweek Clone
This is your second assignment and you will be using Bootstrap to clone Newsweek.

The version that you will be cloning is a slightly older version and a demo of the solution can be found here (https://altcademy.github.io/newsweek_clone/).
Advice from your instructor
You might feel lost at first, but try your best to complete as much as you can. Inspecting elements is just fine. We designed these assignments to be challenging so we expect you to struggle. Many before have managed to do it, and so will you.

The starter kit which you will download and use already comes with a completed navbar. You don't need to work on the navbar for this assignment.
!! Note on plagiarism !!
We do not accept direct copy of the source files of the example site or other student's submissions. Please try to do as much on your own as possible. Referencing the example site for ideas is fine, do not copy and paste of the source files from the example site.
Go to this link to download the files for this assignment.
Starter kit link https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UmmlCaCqLR5iDfv6atsEe4cLtn5OwMkX/view?usp=sharing.

We have prepared the HTML and CSS files for you with some basic settings, including a navbar. You don't need to work on the navbar. Focus on building out the content of the webpage. Your end product should look something similar to the pictures below in different screen sizes.

The bootstrap css is already linked for you. You just need to write your custom CSS in the main.css file.

Notice the sidebar is on the right for large devices and stacks after the main content on small devices. Make use of breakpoints and columns to achieve this result.

Scroll down for hints.
Layout summary
At a window size of 992px and above, which is md breakpoint of bootstrap, the main content layout stays the same. The main article column is on the left, and the headlines side bar is on the right. Therefore, you only need to use col-md-* classes for the main column and the side bar as the column definition will remain in effect at the md and lg breakpoints.

At a window size of 992px and below, the main content layout is the same for sm and xs breakpoints. Therefore, you only need to use col-xs-* classes for the main column and the side bar. Both should take up full 12 columns. They will continue to take up 12 columns at the sm breakpoint because the col-xs-* classes will stay in effect when there are no col-sm-* classes added.

The two smaller articles need to be nested inside the main column, so it is always under the main article. Nest a <div class="row"> inside the main column to create the nested structure for the two articles.

Each small article will take up full 12 columns at the xs breakpoint, use col-xs-12. They will then change to 6 columns at the sm breakpoint, so use col-sm-6. They will remain to take up 6 columns above the sm breakpoint, you don't need to add md, lg classes since their column layout don't change.
